Readme Updates (#20)
upbound/configuration-azure-database: README.md

# Azure Database Configuration

This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed Azure database instances.

## Overview

The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/getting-started/introduction/) include:

- **CompositeResourceDefinition (XRD):** Defines the API's structure.
- **Composition(s):** Implements the API by orchestrating a set of Crossplane managed resources.

In this specific configuration, the Azure database API contains:

- **an [Azure database](/apis/definition.yaml) custom resource type.**

> - **Composition of the Azure database resources:** Configured in [/apis/composition.yaml](/apis/composition.yaml), it provisions an Azure database and resources in the `upbound-system` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Composition of the Azure database resources:** Configured in [/apis/composition.yaml](/apis/composition.yaml), it provisions an Azure database and auxiliary managed resources.
```
